misty day has died three times hates
biology class loves gardening and really
loves Stevie Nicks but what else do we
know about her
let's explore everything we know about
misty day as the coven witches attempt
to stop the apocalypse describe it to me
he want
friendly reminder guys if there are any
other characters you like to see us do a
deep dive on let us know in the comments
below also make sure you subscribe
because Myrtle snow is up next
and if you subscribe to the channel
you'll have a chance at winning the
Spanos Funko pop click the link in the
description to enter the giveaway hurry
up because the contest runs until
November 5th we were first introduced to
misty day in the season 3 pilot episode
of coven Cordelia good shared Misty's
story with her young witches here's how
it went
one day just outside Lafayette Louisiana
misty came across a church congregation
it was here that she discovered a dead
bird in the grass now if there's one
thing she hates its dead animals she
used her power of resurgence to bring
the bird back to life but the
churchgoers weren't too happy about it
in fact the religious extremists tied
her up and burned her at the stake this
is why so many witches stay in hiding
now everyone assumed that she was dead
including the coven but we knew better
as she managed to resurrect herself a
few days later she comes across some
alligator poachers here's a tip don't
kill animals around her even if they are
some aggressive alligators mama says
that alligators the owner because they
got all them teeth but no toothbrush
miss D came across their camp demanding
they pay for their actions
then after threatening her life misty
brought the animals back to life and the
Gators made a nice quick snack out of
those hunters
[Music]
soon enough misty comes in contact with
the coven after Zoe and Madison do their
best resurgence attempt with Kyle it
doesn't go as smoothly as they planned
though as Kyle returns as an ultra
violent zombie frat boy lucky for them
misty has opened her own day spa in the
nearby swamps where she's mastered all
the best natural healing treatments it
involves a handful of [ __ ] literally
alligator dung laying around in bed and
stevie nicks sing-alongs Zoe comes back
a few days later and is shocked to see
Kyle's wounds have nearly healed I'm not
saying he's back to normal but it's
pretty damn good for a guy that was put
back together from an assortment of body
parts misty is not done resurrecting
those in need eventually she comes
across the burnt remains of Myrtle snow
who was previously set up by Fiona Goode
and burned at the stake remember to come
back next week for more on Myrtle story
so misty goes back to her normal life in
the swamps which includes a whole lot of
gardening she's slowly bringing Myrtle
back to life nice touch by adding the
hair guys then her old friend Kyle
returns to the swamp because he really
needed a bath but after he freaks out a
bit Zoe shows up and brings them both to
miss robichaux's Academy zou B is hoping
misty will help resurrect Madison why
we're not so sure Madison was always
kind of mean to Zoe
misty reluctantly agrees to help I guess
she could sense how horrible of a person
Madison is but she works her magic
Madison coughs up a few bugs in she too
returns from the dead
misty doesn't stay long though as she
senses some real bad vibes in the house
no kidding
she heads back to the swamp because she
has a garden I mean Myrtle to tend to
but before she goes she takes a bunch of
food with her oh no I'm sure those are
for sales associates only food not not
for you I'm sorry the bagels are just
for sales associates
I guess it's free bagel Friday at the
Academy eventually misty is forced to
leave her swamp day spa after a
mysterious witch assess and makes a
surprise visit this eventually turns out
to be Hank Fox misty and the newly
resurrected Myrtle finally joined the
rest of the coven at the academy it just
so happens the coven is looking for its
new supreme
Myrtle is convinced that misty fits the
bill because she was able to resurrect
so many witches including herself misty
joins the rest of the coven for the
sacred taking a ritual which is used in
times of crisis and allows for the
Ascension of the next supreme but first
they need Fiona to die
Madison tries her best to motivate Fiona
to take her own life but the plan
doesn't work Fiona's not giving up as
easily as they expected meanwhile Joan
is shot and killed next door and misty
again works her magic and brings her
back from the dead as Fiona watches on
while at her new home in the Academy
misty enjoys spending her time
concocting special potions and recipes
in Cordelia's greenhouse life is pretty
great and it gets even better when
Stevie Nicks herself stops by the coven
for an exclusive performance the two
twirl around a bunch in the living room
and Stevie gives misty her shawl as a
good luck charm for the upcoming Seven
Wonders trial needless to say this makes
Madison extremely jealous as does any
attention that's not directed at her so
Madison takes misty out to prove to her
that she's just as powerful as she is
Madison resurrects a man from a nearby
cemetery and as misty looks over his
empty casket Madison hits her over the
head with the brick and buries her alive
she even took Stevie's shawl that marks
Misty's second death of the season but
thankfully Cordelia and Queenie find her
in Queenie tries her hand at resurgence
bringing misty back to life yet again
back at the academy misty goes after
Madison because she deserves it but the
fight is cut short when the x-men
stupidly attempts to attack the witches
he stands no chance as the entire coven
makes sure he never kills again next up
the seven wonders all of the witches
master telekinesis and Concilium when it
comes to dissension each of the witches
must travel to their own personal hell
misty relives an extremely traumatic
childhood memory from science class when
she was forced to dissect a frog like I
said earlier she's an animal lover and
this really sucks
the endless loop continues as time
expires and misty is unable to return
from her hell for the third and final
time of the season misty day passes away
as she turns to ashes in Cordelia's arms
you thought that was the last beat see
of misty nope just like Madison and
Queenie misty returned during this
season of Apocalypse that's right the
Boy Wonder Michael Langdon proved just
how powerful he was during his own test
of the seven wonders
cordelia tasked him with bringing misty
back from her personal hell and he did
just that
Michael entered the classroom horrific
Lee killed the trauma inducing teacher
performing some sort of mind-control all
over the kids and left hell with misty
sure Michael has proved that he's
immensely powerful but he also was
tricked into resurrecting the entire
coven if there's ever a chance to stop
the apocalypse
Cordelia needed all of her witches by
her side and yes if you're wondering
even the White Witch returned
look out Langdon you see gypsy
coming on down you see your gypsy
guys what's your favorite misty day
moment from the show let us know in the
comments below and also let me know any
theories and predictions you have for
apocalypse thank you so much for
watching and we'll see you next time
[Music]